Add New Resource & Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume (#4933)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/netapp_volume.html.markdown

layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_volume"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-netapp-volume"
description: |-
Gets information about an existing NetApp Volume
---

# Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume

Uses this data source to access information about an existing NetApp Volume.

## NetApp Volume Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_netapp_volume" "example" {
  resource_group_name = "acctestRG"
  account_name        = "acctestnetappaccount"
  pool_name           = "acctestnetapppool"
  name                = "example-volume"
}

output "netapp_volume_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_netapp_volume.example.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Volume.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the NetApp Volume exists.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp account where the NetApp pool exists.

* `pool_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp pool where the NetApp volume exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `location` - The Azure Region where the NetApp Volume exists.

> * `creation_token` - A unique file path for the volume.

Reviewer: Could we use data source language here

Author: fixed

* `service_level` - The service level of the file system.

> * `subnet_id` - The ID of a Subnet in which the NetApp Volume, which must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes.

Reviewer: grammer:
```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - The ID of a Subnet in which the NetApp Volume resides.
```

Author: fixed

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the NetApp Volume exists.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp account where the NetApp pool exists.

* `pool_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp pool where the NetApp volume exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `location` - The Azure Region where the NetApp Volume exists.

* `creation_token` - A unique file path for the volume.

* `service_level` - The service level of the file system.

* `subnet_id` - The ID of a Subnet in which the NetApp Volume, which must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes.

* `usage_threshold` - The maximum Storage Quota in Gigabytes allowed for a file system.

* `export_policy_rule` - One or more `export_policy_rule` blocks as defined below.

---

An `export_policy_rule` block supports the following:

* `rule_index` - The index number for the rule.

* `allowed_clients` - Client ingress specification as list with IPv4 CIDRs, IPv4 host addresses.

* `cifs` - Allows CIFS protocol.

* `nfsv3` - Allows NFSv3 protocol.

* `nfsv4` - Allows NFSv4 protocol.

* `unix_read_only` - Read only file system type on unix.

> * `unix_read_write` - Read and write file system type on unix.

Reviewer: Could we change the wording to sound like a data source?
```
An `export_policy_rule` block exports the following:

* `nfsv4` - Is the NFSv4 protocol allowed.
```

Author: fixed

---
subcategory: "NetApp"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_volume"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-netapp-volume"
description: |-
Gets information about an existing NetApp Volume
---

# Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume

Uses this data source to access information about an existing NetApp Volume.

## NetApp Volume Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_netapp_volume" "example" {
  resource_group_name = "acctestRG"
  account_name        = "acctestnetappaccount"
  pool_name           = "acctestnetapppool"

>   name                = "acctestnetappvolume"

Reviewer 2: can we use more readable naming here e.g.

```suggestion
  name                = "example-volume"
```

Author: Fixed

}

output "netapp_volume_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_netapp_volume.example.id}"
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Volume.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the NetApp Volume exists.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp account where the NetApp pool exists.

* `pool_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp pool where the NetApp volume exists.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `location` - The Azure Region where the NetApp Volume exists.

> * `creation_token` - A unique file path for the volume. Used when creating mount targets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `creation_token` - A unique file path for the volume
```

Author: Fixed

* `service_level` - The service level of the file system.

> * `subnet_id` - The Azure Resource URI for a delegated subnet. Must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes.

Reviewer 2: This is a Data Source so this'll be readonly

Author: FIxed

> * `usage_threshold` - Maximum storage quota allowed for a file system in bytes. This is a soft quota used for alerting only.

Reviewer 2: same here

Author: Fixed

> * `export_policy_rule` - One `export_policy_rule` block defined below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `export_policy_rule` - One or more `export_policy_rule` blocks as defined below.
```

Author: Fixed

---

> The `export_policy_rule` block contains the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `export_policy_rule` block exports the following:
```

Author: Fixed

* `rule_index` - Order index.

> * `allowed_clients` - Client ingress specification as comma separated string with IPv4 CIDRs, IPv4 host addresses and host names.

Reviewer 2: in which case this field wants to become a List/Set of strings - since exposing a comma-separated string isn't a great user experience

Author: fixed

* `cifs` - Allows CIFS protocol.

* `nfsv3` - Allows NFSv3 protocol.

* `nfsv4` - Allows NFSv4 protocol.

* `unix_read_only` - Read only access.

> * `unix_read_write` - Read and write access.

Reviewer 2: what specifically does this mean? I'm assuming this:

```suggestion
* `unix_read_write` - Are the Read and Write permissions enabled on Unix Systems?
```

Author: Yes

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed
